Replit Agent Instructions for Adding Phase 1 AI to CryptoUnc Lotto Bot. First, install the free local AI model by running pip install gpt4all. Create a folder named ai in the project. Inside ai, create a file named ai_client.py with the following code: from gpt4all import GPT4All. Load the model using model = GPT4All(“ggml-gpt4all-j-v1.3-groovy”). Define a function ask_ai that takes system_prompt and user_prompt, combines them into a single string, and generates a response from the model. Inside ai, create a file named prompts.py and define AI_SYSTEM_PROMPT as follows: You are CryptoUnc Lotto AI Assistant. Your job is to help users understand the CryptoUnc Lotto system. Always explain clearly and in plain language. Never promise winnings, never predict outcomes, never give financial advice, and never encourage gambling. Answer politely and responsibly. If a user asks about errors or problems, provide general troubleshooting steps or explain common causes, but do not access or reveal any private wallet information. Always remind users that the system is for entertainment and they should play responsibly. Also in prompts.py, define FAIRNESS_PROMPT as follows: You are CryptoUnc Lotto AI Assistant. Explain clearly and professionally how CryptoUnc Lotto is fair. Cover the ticket purchase process, how randomness works, how winners are selected, how the system uses Solana for on-chain verification, and how results are transparent. Emphasize that the AI does not control the outcome, does not handle funds, and cannot guarantee winnings. Make the explanation simple, trustworthy, and understandable for any user. Remind users to play responsibly. In the main bot code, import ask_ai and the prompts, then add two Telegram command handlers. For /ai_help, get the user’s question; if no question is provided, reply with an example prompt. Otherwise, call ask_ai with AI_SYSTEM_PROMPT and the user question, and reply with the AI response. For /ai_fairness, call ask_ai with AI_SYSTEM_PROMPT and FAIRNESS_PROMPT, and reply with the AI response. Optionally, create ai_guard.py to filter unsafe responses by defining blocked phrases like guaranteed win, sure profit, and predict winner, and a function is_safe to check the response. Call is_safe before sending any AI message. Test the bot locally by running it and using /ai_help and /ai_fairness to ensure responses are clear, neutral, and professional. Push all changes to GitHub, rebuild the bot on Replit, and confirm the AI commands work live. Ensure the AI is local, free, does not access wallet keys, handle payments, or modify database tables, and only reads bot state or logs for help messages.
